Resilience page (#38252)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/resilience/index.md

:::code language="csharp" source="snippets/resilience/Program.cs" id="execute":::

> The preceding code executes the delegate within the `ExecuteAsync` method. When there are failures, the configured strategies are executed. For example, if the `RetryStrategy` is configured to retry three times, the delegate is executed four times (1 initial attempt + 3 retry attempts) before the failure is propagated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preceding code executes the delegate within the `ExecuteAsync` method. When there are failures, the configured strategies are executed. For example, if the `RetryStrategy` is configured to retry three times, the delegate is executed four times (one initial attempt plus three retry attempts) before the failure is propagated.
```
